New Jersey now has another tool in its fight against COVID-19, as the first doses of the newly 
authorized Johnson & Johnson vaccine were administered Friday.

Video Transcript
- New Jersey, the first Johnson & Johnson vaccines will be given out tomorrow morning. The governor 
saying having a third option for a vaccine along with a steady supply will help the state fully 
reopen. In fact, today marks one year since the first COVID case was reported in New Jersey. New 
Jersey reporter Anthony Johnson live in Teaneck with more. Anthony?

ANTHONY JOHNSON: Yeah, David, can you believe it? Now, this time last year, officials here in New 
Jersey had gotten word about what was taking place in New York City. They knew it would be a matter 
of days before it crossed the Hudson River, and it did. One year ago today, a person that lives 
here in Fort Lee worked in New York City. He came back over here. He was the first case here in the 
state of New Jersey.

On that day, the health officer here in Fort Lee had just started her job. And yes, what a year it 
has been.

A year ago, there was a rush to get as much information as possible about the virus. The first 
patient lived in a first floor apartment here in Fort Lee but had worked in the city and crossed 
the George Washington Bridge to get back and forth. Within days, the township of Teaneck took a 
drastic step to shut down everything because it became ground zero for COVID-19. Now leaders are 
recalling the year that changed everything.

DEAN KAZINCI: It concerned me. This was a global problem. And again, it was migrating to our area. 
And there were a lot of questions. Residents were very concerned.

ANTHONY JOHNSON: Soon, the entire state followed with the lockdowns. Schools were shut down. And 
places that had been vibrant turned into ghost towns. When leaders met here in Fort Lee to discuss 
the first case, no one had on a mask. A year later, a mask is normal attire.

JIM TEDESCO: I wish we would have been able to do more.

ANTHONY JOHNSON: Today, some 2,600 residents of Bergen County have died. Over 21,000 in the state 
have lost their lives to COVID-19. This is a sad anniversary.

JIM TEDESCO: The people calling me and telling me about their loved ones that had got COVID and 
passed away. And can we help? What can I do to do more? And those kind of things, those are the 
things that will stay with me forever.

ANTHONY JOHNSON: But now there's a little light at the end of this year-long struggle, with more 
vaccines and better treatment. A year later, there is some optimism that a new normal is close at 
hand.

- We're going to continue to open up. And we're going to get to, I believe, a much more normal 
summer on the shore.

ANTHONY JOHNSON: Yeah, the governor even suggested we might get to a point in open spaces where you 
do have room, you might be able to even take off your mask if you've had the vaccine. But he still 
says he suspects that you'll need to keep the mask on if you're in close, tight quarters because 
you're never sure if others have gotten the vaccine. And it'll be good for your own safety.